Dear All,

just a reminder that the MVP revision tutorial is on today in the cplab, 10-1, you can look at the
text for the tutorial when you get in (or from home) at

https://www2.ph.ed.ac.uk/~dmarendu/MVP/Practice19.pdf

hope you find it useful! The link will keep working until the exam at least, so you can access it at some other time if today is inconvenient.

I also wanted to clarify a couple of details regarding the exam which is coming up at the end of next week:

- at the end of the exam you should upload the code, any data and graphs/snapshots/other files you have
via learn, there will be a box on the course page where you will be able to do that; in case you cannot
do it for any reason there is no problem, you can alternatively just email me the files at
dmarendu@ph.ed.ac.uk or Davide.Marenduzzo@ed.ac.uk at the end of the exam

- ideally you should upload/submit a single file, e.g. as a .tar, tar.gz or .zip; in case you do not know
how to do this, it is simple, please follow these instructions (to create a .tar or .tar.gz, i suggest
you give these commands a try before the day of the exam!):

  1. open a terminal in your home

  2. create a directory, for instance called MVPExam (mkdir MVPExam)

  3. move all the files which you want to submit into the directory MVPExam

  4. from the terminal you are in (where you have just created the MVPExam directory) type

      tar -cvf BXXX.tar MVPExam/*

      where XXX=your exam number (so i can match codes to scripts). this command creates a file called
      BXXX.tar where you store your director with all your files

  5. type

      gzip BXXX.tar

      this creates a (gzipped) file called BXXX.tar.gz which you can then submit (you can also submit the
      .tar file generated in step 4., it will just be a bit larger)

- you will also be given the usual exam scripts on which you can sketch some of the graphs or discuss the
results when required, or include any  other things which you would like/need me to see (e.g.,
instructions to run the code if non-standard, or anything else); if you have used the convention above
and substituted XXX with your exam number i will be able to match scripts and codes most easily, but if
you forget do not worry - i will still manage to do so.

All the best, and any questions let me know!

Davide
